if you're feeling the pain from the
absence of Parks and Recreation this
summer we may have a solution for you
here Amy Poehler's brother Greg Poehler
is the star of one of NBC's summer
comedies premiering this week and
PopSugar entertainment editor Maggie
vahana she got the scoop hey Matt so pop
sugar.com readers love Parks and
Recreation but a lot of them don't even
know that amy has a brother in the
business so his name is Greg Poehler his
show is called welcome to Sweden and
it's based on his real life okay so why
don't you break it down for everybody at
home what is this about
all right the show tells the story and
Bruce Evans a guy who quits his job as a
hotshot celebrity accountant to move to
Sweden with his new girlfriend he moves
in with his gorgeous woman's family
doesn't quite fit in with her super
Swedish parents the language barrier is
really difficult and some awkward sauna
jokes ensue that'll be fun to watch okay
I know Amy Poehler is the executive
producer of this show are we gonna get
to see her on camera though in fact she
guest stars in the very first episode
I'm just gonna come out and say it I'm
quitting I'm moving to Sweden you know
what's really great for me I was gonna
fire you and then you quit excellent
she also recruits Will Ferrell Aubrey
Plaza and kiss frontman gene Simmons we
are free Plaza and gene Simmons that is
quite the mix it is okay so is Greg as
funny as Amy does comedy run in the
family
you know I didn't not like it but I also
didn't laugh as much as I would have
hoped to in the pilot the good news is
that it gets better after that first
episode well that's okay sometimes you
want to put a little effort into it
Greg is funny but this is also his very
first project as a writer or star so you
can see him trying to find that comedic
timing and he does eventually find his
footing and so does the show so what
about the supporting cast because I saw
a lot of Swedish names here yes because
the show was actually created for Sweden
and it aired there first which means
there's some real Swedes involved so
Josephine born bush plays the woman he
falls for Cloths Manson is the father
and lena olin is the mother so we gotta
brush up on our Swedish then before
Peapod says okay what's your verdict I
would say I think give it at least two
episodes but it's definitely not for
everyone all right sounds good I'll try
it out thanks Maggie